# fatima2039.github.io
Project Name: A DAY IN QUARANTINE LIFE    Project Description: What is the project, what is the overall concept and theme, and what kind of experience you were striving to create.    The whole film and the website revolves around the idea of quarantine and mental health. Due to prevailing circumstances, considering the health of the community, institutes have adopted the online education model. While quarantine activities were fruitful to many, many found their mental health to be declining. During the 30 minutes film festival activity, the first idea a group of four strangers agreed was about quarantine and its struggles. The whole team tried their best to share their perspective on quarantine in their ways. The idea for the film was to make it realistic and light heart as much as possible.    Process: How did you go about implementing the concept.    The video was made by using props (spatula, tea bag, apple, banana) to aid the process of sharing one's realistic quarantine routine. It was shot on four different devices and then compiled together and edited. Calming background music was ended to achieve the purpose of calming our viewers. For the same purpose, the text and background colors have been kept a light on the eyes and chosen from pastel shades of purple. Some instances of humor were added in the film to keep it light-hearted and elevate the mood of the viewers. A similar approach was used when adding other content on the website (e.g. about section and quotes section).  Furthermore, some elements of interactivity were added to the website to improve the user's experience and to get them involved. This would indirectly distract their negative thoughts and help them calm down. A quote slider dot container and scrollable webpage were made for this purpose.     Reflection/Evaluation: This should bookend the initial concept and talk about whether your expectations and goals were met in the process of building the final working version.  This assignment is my first experience working with HTML, CSS, and Javascript. The initial sketch was made on Adobe XD. Due to time constraints and some issues, much of the layout was changed. Additionally, the color scheme and font styles were different too. During writing the code, the font style and color scheme was updated to achieve my goal of making a light, calming webpage. Much of the experience was trial and error. Alot of time was spend on internet figuring out how to include certain elements in my project and then customizing the styling as per requirement. To get started, I used bootstrap. However, towards the end of project, I grasped better understanding of various tags and procedures and was able to create my desired template by writing the html and css code from scratch. I would like to conclude this by stating that despite a rocky start, this project has been a great learning experience.
